Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In the next lecture, we are going to integrate Firebase, but before then, Firebase slightly updated
the code from this to this.
So in my video, this is what you're going to see.
But currently this is what you should be saying, right?
So what you have to do, you can see why we have the high D and as of previous we have the apply plugin,
right?
So what you have to do is to create the apply plugin yourself.
Okay.
Over here.
You just have to create the apply plug in yourself.
And how this.
And you then have to copy this and.
Pays this over a year and you then have to get rid of this ID, right?
Okay.
And this is basically the update.
So what I'm saying in general is you have to go with my my code.
Okay.
And.
We do not really need to copy this over here because we already have it over here.
You can see it's the first apply plugin.
Then come the Android application and you can see it over here.
Just that it's now being called Heidi.
Com or android application and the idea is basically referring to this value over a.
So all you just have to do is to I'm just going to do this again.
Okay.
Default is going to look like this, right?
So you have to create the apply plugin yourself.
But for my case, what I simply did was to copy it.
But you can see you can't copy yours because it does not really have that.
It does not have that apply plugin anymore.
Right.
So what I basically just did was to copy it.
But since you can't copy it, you have to create it yourself.
So this is going to be applied plugin.
And this.
And then we have to copy this.
Right.
Like I said, we do not need this because we already have it in our code default.
So we can then copy this again, sorry, and paste this.
And now we have to get rid of the ID and this is basically it.
So in general what I'm basically saying is you have to go with mine because it's still same as this.
Okay.
And that is basically update to date.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.
And in the next lecture, we are going to integrate Firebase.
And I hope this does not confuse you.
Okay.
And if it does, you can do well to always reach out to me and I'm fully available to support you.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.